Stage 1 
Just like in 2013, Marcel Kittel won stage 1 of the Tour de France as he avoided the chaos. The dream in yellow of hot favorite Mark Cavendish ended with a nasty crash 300 metres before the finish in Harrogate. The Brit took Simon Gerrans down, making the ambitions of the Australian to ride in yellow again after stage 2 a much more complicated task. On the other hand, Peter Sagan's quest of the green jersey started on a high note with a second place.
Stage 2
The Shark of the Strait, aka Vincenzo Nibali, claimed his first stage victory at the Tour de France as he rode away from the main peloton with 2km to go into stage 2 to Sheffield after surviving all the climbs of West and South Yorkshire. The Italian champion is the new race leader with an advantage of two seconds over Peter Sagan who lost the stage but took the lead in the points classification, which is his main goal this year.
Stage 3
Second victory for Marcel Kittel who outsprinted Peter Sagan on The Mall in London. It was a brilliant and large victory as he won by the length of a bike like in Harrogate on Saturday. Vincenzo Nibali retained the yellow jersey as the Tour de France has completed his extremely popular trip to England.
Stage 4
Another notch in Marcel Kittel's belt. The best sprinter in the world claimed his third win in four stages at this year's Tour de France, but his triumph opposite Stade Pierre Mauroy in Lille was much more difficult than the previous ones. The Giant-Shimano colossus failed to anticipate Alexander Kristoff's burst of raw power and had to squeeze every ounce of power he had to overtake the Norwegian, taking a Northern-flavoured stage which saw Chris Froome take a tumble at the very beginning...
Stage 5
The legendary stage of the north of France including some cobbled sections has seen the abandon of defending champion Chris Froome who has crashed on two occasions... before the pavés. On a rain soaked day of racing, Lars Boom took a valuable victory in Arenberg-Porte du Hainaut, Vincenzo Nibali retained and increased his lead in the overall ranking while Alberto Contador lost more time than most of the other GC contenders.
Stage 6 
Germany's André Greipel claimed stage 6 in Reims - the town where the kings of France were crowned - as his compatriot Marcel Kittel was left down by a mechanical in the last two kilometers. Vincenzo Nibali retained the lead on another rained soaked day with echelons on the roads chosen to remember World War I in the presence of the French president François Hollande.
Stage 7
Matteo Trentin of Omega Pharma-Quick Step scored his second stage win at the Tour de France one year after taking the laurels in Lyon. He passed Peter Sagan in extremis on the line in Nancy. The green jersey wearer had done everything he could before with putting his Cannondale team at the front of the peloton all day. He attacked in the last climb and sprinted in a crash marred finale but had to accept another defeat.
Stage 8
Blel Kadri of AG2R-La Mondiale was the only survivor of the breakaway. Therefore, he delivered the first French stage win of the 2014 Tour de France whereas the battle of the giants gave a little advantage to Alberto Contador who moved up to the top ten on GC. But the Spaniard only regained three seconds from Vincenzo Nibali who reached a new summit: the 200th day of an Italian in the lead of the Tour de France.
Stage 9
For the first time, Tony Martin has won a different stage than a time trial at the Tour de France but it looked like a time trial as he used the mid mountains stage in the Vosges to ride away with Alessandro De Marchi for 90 kilometres and solo for 59 kilometres! It was an enormous exploit by the German world champion for time trial but not the only amazing achievement of this eventful day as Frenchman Tony Gallopin took over from Vincenzo Nibali in the overall lead.
Stage 10
The speculations around an expected duel between Chris Froome and Alberto Contador have completely vanished. Five days after the defending champion, the Spaniard has been forced out of the race after crashing badly before the real fight between the favorites begun. Following the sad exit of the leader of Tinkoff-Saxo, the super favorite of the Tour de France became Vincenzo Nibali who caught the last attacker Joaquim Rodriguez with 1.2km to and took the yellow jersey back after the beautiful...
Stage 11
Tony Gallopin had his day of glory as he wore the yellow jersey on Bastille Day but he suffered a lot in the Vosges and didn't enjoy the ride really but he made it up after the rest day as he claimed his first stage victory at the Tour de France in a brilliant manner. He attacked twice in the last five kilometers to deliver another thrilling finale in Oyonnax while Vincenzo Nibali retained the lead and Andrew Talansky experienced a completely different feeling with a sore back at the far...
Stage 12
Alexander Kristoff won the gallop near the Geoffroy-Guichard stadium in Saint-Etienne where green jersey wearer Peter Sagan lamented one more loss. This is the first Tour de France stage win for the Norwegian with initials AK who claimed Milan-San Remo earlier this year.
Stage 13
There's no more doubt about who is the strongest rider in the 2014 Tour de France. After stage 2 in Sheffield and stage 10 at La Planche des belles filles, Vincenzo Nibali increased his lead by winning in the Alps. He arrived solo in Chamrousse to claim his third stage win on a day of suffering for Richie Porte, replaced in second place overall by Alejandro Valverde and on the podium by Romain Bardet.
Stage 14
Second on stage 13 in Chamrousse, Tour de France rookie Rafal Majka went on the attack again and stayed away from a long lasting escape to claim his first stage victory in Risoul while Vincenzo Nibali comfortably retained the yellow jersey as he crossed the finishing line in second place 24 seconds behind the Polish up and coming climber.
Stage 15
Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) claimed his second stage win in Nîmes after the peloton caught the two courageous breakaway riders in a thrilling finale. Near the antique Arenas, the Norwegian triumphed like a gladiator as the outcome was cruel for Jack Bauer and Martin Elmiger who escaped from the start of the 222-km long stage and got caught in the last 50 metres!
Stage 16
After Rafal Majka in the Alps, another of Alberto Contador's domestiques claimed his first stage victory at the Tour de France. Michael Rogers managed to get rid of the Europcar duo formed of Thomas Voeckler and Cyril Gautier to arrive solo in Bagnères-de-Luchon. In the yellow jersey group, Thibaut Pinot took a significant advantage over direct rivals Tejay van Garderen and Romain Bardet while Vincenzo Nibali comfortably retained the overall lead.
Stage 17
The Tinkoff show goes on! Following Michael Rogers' day of glory in the first day in the Pyrenees, Rafal Majka claimed his second stage win at Saint-Lary Pla d'Adet. The Polish rider took advantage of his triumph to increase his lead over Joaquim Rodriguez in the King of the Mountains competition while the Frenchman of the day was Jean-Christophe Péraud. The veteran from AG2R-La Mondiale positioned himself as a potential top 3 finisher as he was the only rider able to follow race leader...
Stage 18
Vincenzo Nibali proved once again to being the absolute strongest rider of the 2014 Tour de France. He crowned his domination by winning solo at Hautacam while second placed Thibaut Pinot was the other beneficiary of the last Pyrenean stage. Third placed Rafal Majka is mathematically the King of the Mountains.
Stage 19
Ramunas Navardauskas became the first Lithuanian to win a stage at the Tour de France as he claimed a solo victory in Bergerac in a crashed marred finale that took Peter Sagan down and prevented the sprinters from coming across to the last attacker who had jumped in the côte de Monbazillac. It was a well deserved victory for Garmin-Sharp after a very courageous attempt by Tom-Jelte Slagter. Despite the difficult weather conditions, Vincenzo Nibali retained the yellow jersey with no...
Stage 20
While Vincenzo's first victory in the Tour de France was already almost certain, France claimed back some of its past glory by placing two men on the race podium for the first time in 30 years after Saturday's final time trial in Perigueux, won by Tony Martin. The German's success was as predictable as Nibali's triumph yet the medal spots were up for grabs and Jean-Christophe Peraud used his experience and «rouleur» skills to clinch a runner-up spot while Thibaut Pinot...
Stage 21
Vincenzo Nibali is the winner of the 101st Tour de France, a race he led for eighteen days out of twenty-one. It's also the big return of French riders on the final podium with Jean-Christophe Péraud and Thibaut Pinot second and third respectively. The last stage on the Champs-Elysées went to Marcel Kittel (Giant-Shimano) just like last year. The German outsprinted Alexander Kristoff in a spectacular final sprint on the Champs-Elysées.
Roadbook http://velorooms.com/index.php?topic=2384.0
